good afternoon, we present the top
5 records with the highlights of the
sports news so far in
number 5 the argentinian angel di maria
asked the Realmadrid to be transferred according to
revealed Carlo Ancelotti who does not resign
to continue counting on your player in this
Ancelotti season was honest about the
situation that lives would emerge player with
the one who keeps counting and giving minutes
despite requesting his departure from the club
waiting for the moment that
concrete some offer of the clubs
interested in resigning between them the
manchester united the player is still
training with the realmadrid and
Ancelotti contemplates him to play the
return of the supercopa of Spain before the
atletico de madrid at number 4 the
Ebola epidemic that is suffering in Africa
will be an impediment to the development of
Club World Cup to be held from
10 to 20 December in Morocco weigh
to the rumors of a probable change that
occurred in recent days through
of a statement the fifa explained that the
health of technical players and
amateur is the absolute priority
for any competition that organizes
the aforementioned organism
and the international federation remembers
that the world health organization
does not have any case so far
registered in this northern country of
Africa at number 3
giovanni dos santos excelled in
victoria del villarreal 30 on the
Astana in the first leg of the phase
Preview of the Europa League coming back
of the second time
already with a 1-0 lead for the goal of cani yo
catapulted his team by tapping the
ball in front of the astana goalkeeper
to increase the advantage and rounded
his great performance by putting the pass to
the third goal scored by mario gaspar
at minute 83 at number 2 the america
is at the top of the ranking
general has won 5 matches in form
consecutive establishing a new
mark at the start of a campaign and
nobody has scored more goals than
directed by Antonio Mohamed who lives
happy days the Turkish already begins to
harvest what he has sown since January
but its mission is to enter history
from the america get the title of
champions and put the world to the world
of clubs in the next year as their
immediate objectives
at number 1 before the feasible exit
from mario balotelli to liverpool milan
I would be looking for a replacement for
cover the gap that will leave on the offensive
and one of the possible options for
occupying said position would be the forward
mexican javier hernández according to
the daily daily star the 'chicharito'
appears in the list of candidates
that the rossoneros would look for
replace the Italian in addition to the diavolo
clubs like juventus and inter de milan
They have also shown interest in
services of the national ram this was
the top 5 records good afternoon